IYANLA: The transport team
was delayed in picking
Miss Jillian up from her hotel.
IYANLA (VOICEOVER):
And my team has told me
that she is extremely agitated.
I want to have a clearing
conversation with her,
so that we will not
have any upset present
during the healing process.
IYANLA: Morning, sunshine.
Good morning.
How are you?
Oh, I'm well.
IYANLA: Is that true?
Is that true for you?
But I asked the question.
Is that true?
I asked a question as well.
No, but I asked you first.
Hm.
I'm fine.
Is that true?
Yeah?
Mm.
I wanted to, before
we start our work today,
just have a quick
conversation about--
How unprofessional
you guys are?
For making me sit
there for two hours?
Now, why is that
unprofessional for you?
I didn't get an
update, anything.
Don't tell me to check out
of my hotel room at 9:00
and then sit there till
11:30 with nobody telling me,
updating me, somebody's coming.
I could've stayed in the room.
But see the thing that I
wanted to talk to you about
was that right there.
What are you talking about?
I haven't raised my voice.
- That attitude.
But you don't have to.
I'm taking to you
in a calm nature.
No, you're not.
JILLIAN: Yes, I am.
I'm talking--
That's what--
--to you like
you're talking to me.
I'm telling you how
I'm experiencing it.
OK.
And if you do it to
me, who you don't know--
if you do it to me, who
you came for for help--
- How you do it to me--
- --then I'm sure--
--for you don't know.
You don't sit your
guests, who you're
trying to supposedly help,
in a lobby for two hours
without updating them.
That's rude.
IYANLA: Here's the way--
You're trying to stir up drama
by making me sit at this hotel.
You think I'm a fool?
IYANLA: What do you--
I know how TV work.
You're going to have
me sit here so I
can get riled up because
this is for your ratings--
No, it isn't.
JILLIAN: --on this show.
JILLIAN: OK, ma'am.
Let me tell you
what happened today--
Because I don't feel healed.
How about that?
Well, how about we
haven't done the work?
We can't get to the
work because you--
How about we can't get
to the work until you--
--are being unprofessional.
--until you get ready
to release that energy.
I could have come out here
and continued to move on,
but my concern for you, to
be able to do this work,
is that I wanted to
clear that energy.
So you've made up
what this was about.
I've been working with Ramone.
But here's the thing.
Here's the thing.
This is what you're
taking into the marriage.
And this is what he
has to deal with.
I'm not taking this
into the marriage.
Are you aware that this--
I don't talk to
him like this--
- --is the level of stress--
- --because he respects me.
It doesn't matter whether
or not you talk to him.
It's in your energy.
You're bringing it
in the room with you.
You don't have to
ever open your mouth.
You sleep in the bed with that,
and if you would do it to me,
and I'm here committed to your--
Are you committed?
--intention-- absolutely.
Absolutely committed.
- OK.
IYANLA: But what
I'm not gonna be--
We'll see.
IYANLA: --is abused--
I'm not abusing you.
- --and disrespected.
- I haven't touched you.
You are, and you're
probably not aware.
I haven't said
anything mean to you.
- You're probably not aware--
- I'm talking to you--
--of how nasty--
--calmly.
--your energy is.
You are not.
- You're yelling at me.
- You're not.
I'm calm.
What I'm saying to you
is you are not aware--
JILLIAN: No.
--of the level of
toxicity in your energy.
Oh, my toxic energy.
OK, now.
IYANLA: And that's what I wanted
to deal with you with before we
go into do the work--
JILLIAN: OK.
--so that you don't
bring that to Ramone.
JILLIAN: OK.
- And--
I won't bring it to Ramone.
--I haven't given
you permission
to speak to me in that way.
I haven't given you permission
to disrespect me like this.
IYANLA: I am your elder.
I have not disrespected you.
- With your unprofessionalism.
IYANLA: I want to know--
I'll tell you what we gonna do.
We gonna cut this right now.
Let's do it.
Get me Mr. Ramone.
IYANLA (VOICEOVER): Anger
is a common response
to feelings of powerlessness.
Miss Jillian's anger is
not only about her having
to wait in a hotel
lobby, it is also
about her inability
to relinquish
control and surrender
to this healing process.
So what happened was
there was some breakdown
this morning between Miss
Jillian and production.
And production called her.
They did give her the
instruction to come down,
and they weren't
there at that time.
- Why?
- Then when they--
why?
RAMONE: Yeah.
Because of just
technical things going on.
We have to set up what
we're doing today.
We have to be ready--
That has nothing to
do with your driver.
Isn't her safety supposed
to her priority though?
Excuse me?
Her safety is y'all priority.
It wasn't her safety.
She was in the hotel.
She was in the lobby--
- She was in the lobby.
--of the hotel.
Right.
So what--
Anything could
happen in the lobby.
IYANLA: You know--
I mean, she wasn't
in a room to herself.
--I can only tell
you what happened.
I can only tell
I wasn't even aware
that it happened
because my schedule
says that I'm
gonna to meet with you first.
But my thing is that I
trusted with you guys--
by putting her in
a different hotel
last night in the first place.
I didn't want that to happen.
I didn't want us to be
separated in the first place.
One of the things that
you emphasized with me
was protecting her.
And I was being with her
and make sure that she's--
What makes you think
that she was unsafe?
She had-- doesn't
have-- let me tell you--
First of all, when y'all
dropped her off last night,
y'all dropped her off 34 or
35 minutes away from here,
something like that.
40 minutes away from here.
She's in a hotel by herself.
What does that have to do
with what we're talking--
- She had to go--
- --about right now?
It has exactly
to do with that.
She's a grown woman.
RAMONE: Yes, she is
a grown woman, but--
But we're not talking
about her safety.
Her complaint was
not about safety.
That's not what her
comment was to me.
Well, she's--
her comment to you
right now is that
you guys staged her
to get a reaction out of her.
That's what she's saying.
But that is not true.
That's not true.
And because you think that.
I'm done.
OK.
I told you yesterday,
this is my ministry.
This is not what I do.
I just happen to do
it on television.
Well, if we done, we done.
I just-- we're done
because without trust,
we have absolutely nothing.
And I don't trust you.
There we go.
I'm done.
We don't have to this anymore.
Somebody take me home, please.
Go get your stuff.
RAMONE: My stuff is
already ready, babe.
No problem.
Bye, y'all.
IYANLA: For Miss
Jillian and Mr. Ray,
their inability to trust
in the healing process
reveals a much larger issue.
Despite the fact that
they reached out for help,
there was a level of
awareness about themselves
and their relationship that
they are unwilling to step into.
And so our time together
has ended prematurely.